-- FORK 0
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 7 ! right qrighta
qrighta 7 ? down qinit
qinit 1 ! left qlefta
qlefta 1 ? down qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- PHILO 1
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 0 ? left qlefta
qrighta 0 ! down qleftd
qlefta  2 ? right qrighta
qleftd	2 ! down qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- FORK 2
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 1 ! right qrighta
qrighta 1 ? down qinit
qinit 3 ! left qlefta
qlefta 3 ? down qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- PHILO 3
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 2 ? left qlefta
qrighta 2 ! down qleftd
qlefta  4 ? right qrighta
qleftd	4 ! down qinit
.marking qinit
.end


-- FORK 4
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 3 ! right qrighta
qrighta 3 ? down qinit
qinit 5 ! left qlefta
qlefta 5 ? down qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- PHILO 5
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 4 ? left qlefta
qrighta 4 ! down qleftd
qlefta  6 ? right qrighta
qleftd	6 ! down qinit
.marking qinit
.end


-- FORK 6
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 5 ! right qrighta
qrighta 5 ? down qinit
qinit 7 ! left qlefta
qlefta 7 ? down qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- PHILO 7
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 6 ? left qlefta
qrighta 6 ! down qleftd
qlefta  0 ? right qrighta
qleftd	0 ! down qinit
.marking qinit
.end
