-- FORK 0
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 5 ? right qrightr
qleftr 5 ! right qrighta
qrighta 5 ? down qinit
qrightr 1 ? left qleftr
qleftr 1 ! left qlefta
qlefta 1 ? down qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- PHILO 1
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 0 ! left qleftr
qrightr 0 ? left qlefta
qrighta 0 ! down qleftd
qleftr 2 ! right qrightr
qlefta  2 ? right qrighta
qleftd	2 ! down qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- FORK 2
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 1 ? right qrightr
qleftr 1 ! right qrighta
qrighta 1 ? down qinit
qrightr 3 ? left qleftr
qleftr 3 ! left qlefta
qlefta 3 ? down qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- PHILO 3
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 2 ! left qleftr
qrightr 2 ? left qlefta
qrighta 2 ! down qleftd
qleftr 4 ! right qrightr
qlefta  4 ? right qrighta
qleftd	4 ! down qinit
.marking qinit
.end


-- FORK 4
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 3 ? right qrightr
qleftr 3 ! right qrighta
qrighta 3 ? down qinit
qrightr 5 ? left qleftr
qleftr 5 ! left qlefta
qlefta 5 ? down qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- PHILO 5
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 4 ! left qleftr
qrightr 4 ? left qlefta
qrighta 4 ! down qleftd
qleftr 0 ! right qrightr
qlefta  0 ? right qrighta
qleftd	0 ! down qinit
.marking qinit
.end
