-- FORK 0
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 3 ? right qrightr
qrightr 3 ! right qinit
qinit 1 ? left qleftr
qleftr 1 ! left qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- PHILO 1
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 0 ! left qleftr
qleftr 0 ? left qlefta
qlefta 2 ! right qrightr
qrightr 2 ? right qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- FORK 2
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 1 ? right qrightr
qrightr 1 ! right qinit
qinit 3 ? left qleftr
qleftr 3 ! left qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- PHILO 3
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 2 ! left qleftr
qleftr 2 ? left qlefta
qlefta 4 ! right qrightr
qrightr 4 ? right qinit
.marking qinit
.end


-- FORK 4
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 3 ? right qrightr
qrightr 3 ! right qinit
qinit 5 ? left qleftr
qleftr 5 ! left qinit
.marking qinit
.end

-- PHILO 5
.outputs 
.state graph
qinit 4 ! left qleftr
qleftr 4 ? left qlefta
qlefta 0 ! right qrightr
qrightr 0 ? right qinit
.marking qinit
.end
